Here are 20 questions you can ask to validate your startup idea -- before you commit significant time, money or other resources to its launch:
1. What problem are you solving?
If you can’t clearly state the problem your product or service solves, you probably don’t have a successful idea.
2. How have others attempted to solve this problem before, and why did their solutions succeed or fail?
There’s a lot you can learn from those who have gone before you.
3. How many specific benefits for your product or idea can you list?
The more you can think of, the more likely it is that you’re meeting a real need and can be successful.
4. Can you state, in clear language, the key features of your product or service?
Not being able to easily describe the key features of your idea is a warning sign that the idea isn’t well thought out yet.
5. Does your idea already exist in the same way you were going to create it?
If a similar solution exists, how will yours be different? If you don’t have any clear differentiating benefits or features, you likely need a new idea.
6. Who are your potential competitors?
Having competitors isn’t a bad thing -- it means a market exists. However, knowing what you’ll face if you launch is important, as an overcrowded marketplace or one where consumers have a strong affinity for the dominant brand may be more difficult to break into.
7. What key features does my product or service have that others will have a hard time copying?
Before you go into business, you need to be very clear about what sets you apart from competitors.
8. Have you done a SWOT analysis?
This framework helps you to understand the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats that your idea has, giving you a better idea of the overall likelihood for success.
9. Do you have access to the various resources you need to launch a business?
While you don’t need to be rich to launch a business, you will need some combination of time and money, depending on the scope of your idea. If you have no way to access everything you need, you’re better off waiting to launch your company until your situation is different.
10. Do you have a mentor or industry advisor that you can call on?
Certainly, you can go it alone if you have to, but when you start a new business, having the advice of others in a similar business space can prevent unnecessary expenditures or missteps.
Related: Validate Your Business Idea -- Quickly -- With These 5 Steps
11. Can you name somebody who would benefit from your product or service?
This is the beginning of market research -- who do you actually know that would use your idea? A general demographic isn’t enough, so take the time to hone in your target buyer personas.
12. What is the size of the market that will buy your product or service?
If you don’t know the size of the market, you have a lot of research ahead of you. Understanding how many people need your idea -- and what they’re willing to pay for it -- will help you determine whether your concept is viable.
13. Have you reached out to potential customers for feedback?
Getting feedback before investing further money can help you avoid creating a product or service that nobody really wants.
14. Can you set up a landing page and encourage interested people to sign up for more information?
This can be an easy and inexpensive way to test interest in a product or service. If a lot of people are interested, it’s a great sign that you’re on the right track!
15. What would it take to build a minimum viable product to test the market?
One mistake many entrepreneurs make is thinking that they have to launch a finished concept right away. Consider starting small, gauging interest and iterating as you go.
16. Can you get paying customers from your target market to pre-order based on a blueprint or mockup?
Pre-orders are a solid sign of customer commitment. Someone saying they’re interested is one thing, but seeing people actually pony up their credit card information is a much stronger sign of potential success.
17. Can you produce the actual product yourself, or do you have a partner who can?
As you might expect, before launch, you need to know who’s actually going to produce the first set of products or services, as well as whether they can do so within your budget.
18. Do you have distributors or partners to help you scale your business?
Once you have paying customers, you’ll need to ramp up actual distribution to meet demand. Do you have access to the partners and/or money needed to do so?
19. What will it take to break even or make a profit?
Some ideas take a lot of upfront investment, while others don’t. If yours does, it’s a good idea to plan for how you’ll handle your finances and daily needs while you’re waiting for your product or service to gain traction.
20. How can investors in your idea make a profit?
If you want others to come alongside your business and help you grow, you’ll have to know how they can benefit.
It may take some time to come up with answers to all these questions, but once you have them, you should have a better idea about how viable your idea is. If it passes these tests, go for it! If not, keep thinking -- your next idea may be the one that changes the world.


Here’s 54 things everyone needs to know how to do.

1. You should know how to start a fire without matches.

You never know when this might come in handy- a fire is one of the most important elements for survival for a human being- providing warmth, light, and energy.

2. You should know basic survival skills.

Should you ever be stranded in a forest or forced to survive outside, you’d want to know the best places to get water, what you can and cannot eat in the wild, where to build a makeshift bed, how to catch a fish, how to correctly cross a river, how to keep your core body temperature high… and much more. Get a survival guide and begin learning.

3. You should know how to grow your own vegetables.

Even if you live in a city, you should make an effort to learn to grow your own food- including all kinds of vegetables, herbs and fruits. It takes a lot of skill, experience and time to make these plants yield valuable output- so if you’re interested in learning this- don’t waste another minute. You might need this skill one day.

4. You should know how to swim.

If you don’t know how to swim yet, you need to seriously consider learning. There are a number of emergency situations where you might need to swim in order to survive or help someone else in the water.

5. You should know how to change a tire.

It’s possible you get a flat while on a trip one day, with no access to a car repair place; perhaps even stranded in the middle of nowhere. What if no one on this trip knew how to change the tire? Changing a tire is something you can learn how to do in a matter of minutes that could save you lots of time and headaches on your next road trip.

6. You should know how to jump start a car.

This isn’t as easy as it seems. If you watched your parents do this in the past but never learned for yourself, now’s your chance. Don’t be unprepared when the need for it arises. It’s very useful knowledge to have, and very common to need this skill one day.

7. You should know how to code.

Not knowing how to program will soon become synonymous to being illiterate. It doesn’t seem this way yet, but this age is coming. If you don’t know how to program, you’re merely consuming the whole world around you, which is programmed. It’s important to know how to navigate this new world by being able to tell the computer what to do. If you want to start empowering yourself, here are some resources.

8. You should know how to build a website.

Another issue of basic technological literacy. Everyone should have a website- whether it’s personal or for a business. If you don’t know the basics of building a website, you have to hire someone or buy a template. You are going to benefit a great deal from learning. It’s also a great way to earn side income.

9. You should know how to think critically and question the status quo.

With all this information at our fingertips, now more than ever, we need to be able to think for ourselves, question the current way of doing things, and be critical of all forms of media, government and education.

10. You should know how to cook an egg (correctly!)

Too many people are ruining breakfast by mucking this up. C’mon people- it’s time to learn the right way of doing this. Runny or under cooked eggs are not only bad for your taste buds, but it could also increase your chances of getting salmonella.


11. You should know how to perform CPR.

Do you want to save a life? 70 percent of Americans feel helpless during a cardiac emergency, and here’s another surprising statistic- the life you save is most likely the life of someone you love, because 4 out of 5 cardiac arrests occur at home.

12. You should know how to manage your time.

Time management is a precise art and science, and if you haven’t studied it yet, you should. Applying these principles of time management to your life can get you back precious hours you didn’t know you had, and completely eliminate much of your productivity destroying behavior.

13. You should know how to dress properly.

First impressions are important. Dressing to impress means being tidy, up to date on fashion, looking as professional as you can, dressing for your body, and if you’re advanced, bringing some personality into it.

14. You should know how to approach and meet new people.

Even if you’re an introvert, it is important to have the ability to walk up to a new person and hold a nice conversation. Meeting people is a great way to learn new things, expand your network, and gain new opportunities in life.

15. You should know how to lift your own weight.

If you can lift your own weight, it also means you can lift a lot of things without having to rely on someone else. Having strength is always a handy trait to have and, in case of an emergency involving hanging off a ledge, you’ll be able to pull yourself out of trouble with ease.

16. You should know how to remember peoples’ names.

Most people are tired of that excuse that seems to glide off of so many people’s lips “I’m not good at remembering names…” Let’s stop making this excuse because a person’s name is the single most important thing you can possibly remember when you meet someone new. A good way to remember someone’s name is to say it at least twice during the conversation.

17. You should know how to give a toast in front of lots of people.

Public speaking is the number one fear in the world (ranking higher than the fear of death.) It’s a fear, but if you practice, it’s not that scary. Learning to say a few words in front of a large or small group is a huge asset that can be used in so many instances, professional and personal. For example, you may need to give a toast at a wedding some day. Don’t you want to be prepared and make it awesome? Go to a local Toastmasters Club meeting and try it out.

18. You should know how to negotiate.

Good negotiation skills can save you a ton of money. These skills can also get you that raise at your job you’ve been dreaming about. If you know how to negotiate properly, it means you’re holding all the cards and you’re prepared to battle it out.

19. You should know how to detect a lie.

Learning to detect when someone is lying to you seems like a sneaky thing to do, but you’d be surprised how handy it could become, especially if you’re raising children, or in charge of a huge team. It gives you the chance to consider all possibilities in a relationship. Did you know 91 percent of humans lie on a regular basis at work and at home, and you’re lied to about 2 or 3 times in a ten minute conversation? Yeah. Food for thought.

20. You should know how to shut up and listen genuinely.

If you learn to do this well, you will be loved and admired, and you will understand people better. It can improve relationships drastically, and ultimately make you a more compassionate person.

21. You should know how to tell a good story.

It sucks being the one person around the campfire who has nothing to offer, doesn’t it? Learn how to tell a good story that will have people using their imaginations again. When the power goes out or there’s no cell phone service available, you’ll be a valuable source of entertainment to everyone.

22. You should know how to defend yourself against single and multiple assailants.

Why? Learning self-defense makes you more aware of your surroundings, first of all. You also stop taking physical confrontations for granted. You’re more likely able to avoid a fight effectively if you’ve learned the art of self defense in the first place.


23. You should know how to use a credit card correctly.

It’s not cash…too many Americans use their credit cards irresponsibly, and in doing so, spend much more money on items than they are actually worth, pay tons of fees, and don’t have the ability to reap the many benefits of the cards. Credit card balances are supposed to be paid in full every month and they are not supposed to allow you to live beyond your means.

24. You should know how to invest in the stock market.

It’s not as difficult as you might think. Educate yourself! Money does grow if you know how to invest it correctly. You really have no excuse to not invest. There are a number of ways to invest by diversifying your portfolio automatically and manually through index or life cycle funds. Investing in the the stock market is not about picking stocks, as Ramit Sethi loves to point out.

25. You should know how to speak at least one or two languages besides English.

Did you know that 75% of the world does not speak English? That’s a lot of people you won’t be able to communicate with if you happen to be in an area where English isn’t their first language. Expand your horizons and make an effort to communicate with the rest of the world. Start with Chinese!

26. You should know how to make money (without a job.)

Jobs and paychecks are not the only way to earn money. There are many entrepreneurs out there who know this, but there are just as many people who are wondering how it’s done while slaving away at jobs. There is another way, and it’s not magic, or the lottery. It’s determination, investing in your own education, and lots of sweat. And it’s definitely possible. Instead of plopping down in front of the t.v. after work, set some time aside to learns something and build up your educational and entrepreneurial skills.

27. You should know how to manage your personal finances.

This means knowing how to create a budget, knowing how to save money, automating your income and learning to invest and pay yourself first, before paying all your bills.

28. You should know how to draw.

In A Whole New Mind, Daniel Pink talks about the importance of flexing our “right brain” muscles, by learning creative skills such as drawing. Learning to draw will actually improve leadership ability in a person, and enhance and develop traits like empathy, inventiveness, and big-picture thinking.

29. You should know how to be a respectful house guest.

You never know when you might need to accept the hospitality of another human being. Know the proper etiquette of being a house guest. A great way to do this is by inviting guests into your own home. You’ll quickly learn (the hard way) what behavior is highly questionable and disrespectful if your guest is not practicing proper etiquette.

30. You should know how to keep your computer secure.

With all the information security threats and identity theft these days, we all want to make sure our computer is secure, our personal data is private (as much as possible), and our firewalls are up. Do you know how to set yours up? This is basic computer literacy and probably one of the more important things to be aware of.

31. You should know how to navigate with a map and compass (without a GPS).

Not to mention- learn to find the north star, learn to get your east/west bearings from the sun… what if you’re on a trip and your GPS system fails you?

32. You should know how to sew.

Basic sewing skills- such as sewing a button back onto a coat the right way, or fixing a loose shirt sleeve- will save you a few extra trips to the shopping mall. Advanced sewing skills also improves self-confidence (the knowledge you can mend everyday items), promotes focus (because it requires physical and mental concentration), and teaches persistence (most sewing projects take a considerable amount of time.)

33. You should know how to travel hack.

Once you learn this skill, you will never want to pay for a plane ticket ever again. Just type “travel hacking” into your search engine and let the fun begin.

34. You should know how to buy a car without getting ripped off.

If you don’t know the proper method of buying a car (especially a used car), you will get ripped off. Do you want to get ripped off? I thought so. Now go learn.

35. You should know how to be happy.

There is a method to this, it’s not an automatically occurring thing- people who are genuinely happy are happy despite their circumstances, not the other way around.

36. You should know how to fix a bike flat.

Most people like to ride bikes. Most people don’t know how to fix a bike flat. If it happens to you that you get a bike flat, and you don’t know how to fix it, you will be walking home- carrying a heavy bike. Ouch.

37. You should know how to have a conversation with someone of any age.

It’s a sign of true maturity and humanity when a person can hold a quality conversation with a 5 year old or a 92 year old person without flinching. You will also learn so much about life if you do this regularly.

38. You should know how to drive a manual transmission vehicle.

People who drive stick shift (manual transmission) cars understand their car engines better than people who drive automatic transmission vehicles. Manual transmission vehicles are more energy efficient than automatic transmission vehicles. They are also more responsive to braking and accelerating, and they are safer because of this higher level of control from the driver. A more informed and advanced driver is also a safer driver. Finally, many parts of the world drive manual transmission cars more than automatic cars, and you may need to know how to drive one at some point in your life!

39. You should know how to back up your data.

We accumulate so much digital data these days! In addition to being able to do some spring cleaning and organization of your data, you should have a clear system in place for regularly backing up your data- whether it’s to a cloud storage location or your own physical external hard drives. Hardware can break (and of course so can software) and having an extra copy of all your data is pretty essential these days.

40. You should know how to say “I’m sorry” and “I was wrong.”

You know who you are! Being able to admit your faults once in a while takes effort, practice, and a change of attitude. It can repair broken relationships, heal scars, and bring the conversation back to the important things in life.

41. You should know how to sing or play an instrument.

Being able to read music, appreciate all forms of music genres and make music yourself- develops your brain and enriches your life. For example, learning how to play the guitar promotes well being.

42. You should know how to ask for help.

It takes guts to do this, and at some point in everyone’s life, they will need some help from somebody.

43. You should know how the basics of how to repair a car.

I am always amazed at how the guys from Top Gear (the original, British version) can fix a broken down car in the middle of driving through some crazy salt flats, or the desert. How useful would it be if we could all understand the basic workings of a car, diagnose the problem, and fix our own cars instead of spending hundreds (sometimes thousands) of dollars at the car repair shop, trying to describe the weird sound the car is making to the mechanics.

44. You should know how to control your temper.

Holding onto anger, as well as letting anger control your actions usually does more harm to you than good. Learn to let the anger dissipate before reacting. Many angry emails were regrettably sent because of the inability to control our tempers and let the passion die down a bit first.

45. You should know how to show gratitude, write a thank you note.

If you haven’t written a thank you note yet, you need to start. For every professional (and even personal) relationship where one or both of the people have benefitted or learned something, a thank you note is in order. The habit of sending out thank you notes to people is a great way to gain respect, trust, and stand out from the crowd. Whether it’s for the person who interviewed you for a new job, a trusted mentor, an old boss, or even your own parents- a thank you note goes a very long way. It allows you to practice gratitude in your own life, and it also makes the day of another person, giving them (and you) a chance to reflect on your relationship and think of the positive outcomes of knowing one another.

46. You should know how to parallel park.

Although the driving tests all seem to require this skill, many people with driver’s licenses mysteriously don’t know how to do this. If you live in the city, please learn how to do this correctly without nicking the bumpers of the other cars!

47. You should know how to write professionally.

There are many, many reasons why you should know how to write professionally, from the basic cover letter to the customer service email. Writing professionally will allow your message to be clear and your voice to be respected, even when you’re not speaking face to face.

48. You should know how to perform basic first aid.

Someone you care about or even you could get hurt and when you need to disinfect and dress a wound, you’re gonna need to know how to do it right. Sometimes there’s no time to wait for the doctors.

49. You should know how to give a compliment.

Giving a compliment the right way means paying attention to the details, focusing on the good in others and being very specific. A generalization doesn’t go very far as a compliment. Learn to compliment others by focusing on what makes the other person truly special.

50. You should know the correct way to respond to criticism.

Learn this skill to avoid looking defensive, unprepared and immature. Criticism is a good thing (most of the time), and it can help you improve and develop yourself if you can learn how to take it objectively and reflect on yourself and your work.

51. You should know how to put together a basic emergency preparedness kit.

Better yet, don’t just know how to put one together, actually put one together and have it ready. There’s no substitute for being well prepared.

52. You should know how to prepare and roast a turkey or chicken.

Or if you’re vegan- a tofurky. You’re probably going to be in charge of this at some point in your life during the holidays.

53. You should know how to use google efficiently.

Stop wasting precious time by using google incorrectly. Learn to be precise and use the built in tools that google already comes with. Find exactly what you need using google more efficiently and more accurately. You can learn this here.

54. You should know how to crowd-source opinions from your facebook friends…

=============================

https://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/
https://foursquare.com/
http://www.howstuffworks.com/
http://www.todayifoundout.com/
=====================================
Instead of crossing words out with lines, cross them out with letters so they won't be legible.

Use a clothing rod to hang your spray bottles to save space.

Product Manuals in Cloud.

The trick to untying a knot is to twist the loose end as much as you can and to push it through the knot.

If you have a container that can't fit in your sink, carefully position a dustpan in a way that will funnel the water into the container below.

Make sure your headphone and charger cords don't get tangled up by using bread ties to keep them in place.

Roll up your clothes when packing, because it'll take up less space.

Use a staple remover to keep your key ring open when you're adding keys.

Drill holes in a trash can to prevent suction issues when pulling out and inserting a trash bag.

Cut round sandwich fillings in half to make sure they cover the whole surface of the bread.

Dig a hole in your leftovers when heating them up in the microwave so the heat will spread evenly.

Place one bowl on top of a cup to make sure both bowls can fit in the microwave at the same time.

Instead of just digging in, cut the bottom off and turn it into a sandwich. You'll get frosting in every bite.

Eat snacks with a lot of residue with chopsticks so you won't get any of the powder staining your fingers!

Rip the bag strategically so you no longer have to dip your hand into the bag to grab popcorn.

Put your phone in a cup when playing music to enhance the sound.

Place a slice of bread on your cake or with your cookies in a bag to keep them soft and moist. 

Keep your straw in place by turning the tab and placing the straw through the tab.

Top drinks with a cupcake liner when entertaining outdoors so you don't have to worry about pesky flies. 

Use a bottle to suck up the egg yolk with ease, separating it from the egg white.

Learn from monkeys, and peel a banana from the bottom instead of the top. 

Trying to get out Tic Tacs can be frustrating, but this technique will fix that. (reverse can shake and open while rotating)

We're breathing all wrong. The proper way of breathing is to breathe from your abdomen, not from your chest. Breathing from your chest area will result in shallow breaths and less oxygen intake.

To slice bread without squishing the top, turn it upside down and slice it from the bottom up.

kids who have their efforts praised are more motivated and persistent than those who are praised for their abilities. For example, saying "You did a great job with those math problems," is better for the child than saying, "You are so good at math!"

Use this method and it won't be a chore to eat pomegranates. 

Ditch the peelers! Peel potato with ease with this technique. (boil it, dip in cold water secs, pull from both ends)

Peel garlic in 10 seconds (take garlic separating cloves with crushing with heel of hand, take bowls and shake cloves in the bowls secs)

Freeze coffee into ice cubes to make iced coffee that won't get diluted by regular ice. 

You probably loathe breaking in shoes. Just take a thick pair of socks, wear shoes, and then use a hair dryer to blow on the tightest corners. Keep repeating until the shoes fit comfortably!

We've heard so many ways on how to rescue a phone you dropped in water, but the best strategy is to seal your phone in an airtight pouch with synthetic desiccant (silica gel).

Keep your chips fresh with a few folds.

Fold your plastic bags into these origami triangles so they'll take up less space.

Instead of tying plastic bags with a rubber band, use the top of a water bottle (half cut) to screw it shut.

You've been freezing your ice cream all wrong. Keep it in a ziplock bag when you stuff the tub in the freezer, and your ice cream will stay soft and not harden to the point where you'll have difficulty scooping it. 

Make a clean cut with cakes by using dental floss.
Remove cornhusks with ease by microwaving the corn.
============
"The Diving Reflex"

•Hold your left and right palm down. Press your hands together as hard as you  can. You can feel your pectoral, shoulder, and arm muscles working. This is an  example of isometric exercise.

1. Relax your lower jaw for one minute…close your eyes then open your mouth as widely as possible…let your lower jaw relax and rise slowly into a resting position without closing your mouth…concentrate on holding your lower jaw in that position for one minute, neither tightening or loosening your jaw muscles… It’s harder than you might think, as most of us go about our day with our jaws at least lightly clenched…
2. Control your breathing for one minute…close your eyes and relax your head and neck…breathe in through your nose slowly and deeply for 4 seconds, then exhale through your mouth slowly and evenly for 8 seconds…it’s fine to count the seconds silently to yourself as you do this…you’re replicating the breathing pattern of a person in a deep and peaceful sleep…

====================
====================
====================
====================

You probably loathe breaking in shoes. Just take a thick pair of socks, wear shoes, and then use a hair dryer to blow on the tightest corners. Keep repeating until the shoes fit comfortably!
Hide money in an empty ChapStick — perfect for when you're traveling or walking in unsafe areas. 
Simply stick a length of tape over the bracelet on your wrist, and it's so easy to make the connection.
Paint your rings and earrings with clear nail polish to keep them from tarnishing.
Keep all your electronic cords untangled by fastening them with hair ties or ribbons.
No bottle opener around? Use an eyelash curler to take off bottle caps.
Don't worry about buying an iron; use your straightener and/or hair dryer to get rid of wrinkles.

If you get a snag in your tights, spray hair spray on it and the hole won't get any bigger.
If you have a pesky deodorant mark on your shirt, take tights or nylons and rub them on the stain — it will come right out.

==========================
Save an empty jar and "fill it with notes of good things that happen" this year. Then, next year, you can empty the jar and "see what awesome stuff happened that year." 
Chill white wine with frozen grapes so you're not watering it down.

Take a pen spring from an old pen and wrap it around your charger cord. This will protect it from breaking and bending. 

When writing an email, leave the recipient email field blank until you're ready to send it. This prevents accidental emails. 

Before you throw a used Post-it in the trash can, use it to clean your keyboard by running the sticky side between the keys.

An easy way to estimate the conversion of Fahrenheit to Celsius is to add 30, then halve the number. If you're converting Celsius to Fahrenheit, you double the number, then add 30. This trick apparently doesn't work as well with high temperatures.

Wrap a rubber band around a paint can and wipe your brush on the band and keep the rim of the can clean. 

Fill a water bottle a quarter of the way through with water, then turn it sideways and put it in your freezer to freeze. When it's frozen, fill the bottle up with water, so you'll have "ice-cold water on the go." 

If your wooden furniture has a ding, rub a walnut on it to cover it up. 

Before you commit to leasing or buying a place, make sure you get a signal on your cell phone, or you'll end up having to break your contract and going with another provider. 

Use bread tags to keep flip flops from coming apart. 

Hide money in an empty ChapStick — perfect for when you're traveling or walking in unsafe areas. 

Get up an hour earlier than you have to, so you'll feel less rushed and will be more prepared to tackle the day. 

Clean your microwave by nuking a mixture of water and vinegar for three to four minutes. The bits stuck to your microwave should come off with a quick swipe. 

Cut a toilet roll through the middle and wrap it around wrapping paper to keep things in place and prevent it from unrolling. 

Make a makeshift lamp by strapping on a device that emits light onto a water bottle. You can do it with a headlamp or with your phone.
Drill holes in a trash can to prevent suction issues when pulling out and inserting a trash bag.

If you're in a large crowd and you need someone to call 911, point to a person and say, "You wearing the [insert color or style of outfit], call 911." Yelling "Someone, call 911!" may incur the bystander effect, in which no one does anything because they expect someone else to do it.

Only tell people about your lifestyle change after three to six months of making that change. This prevents the naysayers from bringing you down and also gives you less pressure to live up to your word. Keeping it to yourself also means you're most likely doing it for yourself and not others, so you'll have a higher chance of maintaining that change. 

If the price of a product you bought on Amazon drops in the next seven days, you're allowed to get a refund on the price drop. 

Instead of always telling your child what to do, give them two options with the same outcome to prevent the headache of having them refuse the task. For example, instead of telling them to put on their pajamas for bed, ask them which pajamas they would want to wear to bed tonight. This works well because kids love having control over what they are doing.

Use bulldog clips and place them at the back of your desk, then string your cables through them to better organize your wires. 

A quick way to make brownies is to use this recipe and put the mixture into a mug, then microwave it for less than two minutes; you'll have yourself instant brownies in a single-serve portion. 

If you haven't been keeping up with current events but want to, then search [month][year] in Wikipedia to see the major world news during that time period. It also works for just the year alone. 

Bring a power strip with you to use at airports, and you'll never have to wait for an outlet to be available again.

Press a hot spoon to a mosquito bite to stop the itching. Use the spoon you stirred your coffee with. The heat will destroy the protein that is causing the itching.

Forward spam texts to 7726. Your carrier will respond and ask you what number it came from.

To remove tourists from photos, place your camera on a tripod, snap 15 photos every 10 seconds, open them up in Photoshop, and pick File >Scripts > Statistics, and choose Median.

Get the WiFi passwords at various places by checking the comments section of their FourSquare accounts.

Get restaurant-grade equipment and furniture, as they will last longer, and you'll be able to find replacements.

If you're sitting outside and enjoying the fresh air but not the mosquitoes, then point a fan at yourself to prevent mosquitoes from coming at you. These insects are weak fliers, so they won't be able to navigate the winds to land on your skin.

The first thing you should say when you call 911 is "I need [service] at [address]. Again, that's [address]." Your operator can have the right people dispatched while you are sharing more details of your story. 

Carry a box and a bin with you as you clean. A bin can be a trash bag or any other container. Stuff things to be trashed in the bin and things that belong in another room in the box. As you move from room to room, put the items from the box back in their rightful places. 

Get Rid of Smoke Smell. Wet half a towel, wring it dry, and then whip the wet portion around your head in the room.

When your toilet clogs up, squeeze at least three squirts of dishwashing liquid into the bowl. The chemicals can help to break up the debris. Pour around four cups of hot water into the bowl. Let everything soak for a while (20 minutes to a few hours) before attempting to flush. And if you really want to make sure it works, then you can use a plunger after you let the mixture soak in for five minutes. 

When someone is treating you but you don't know what her price range is, then ask her what she's thinking of ordering or what she recommends.

If you accelerate while you're stuck in the snow, then you may dig yourself into an even deeper hold. Take out your floor mat, tuck it in tightly front of the spinning tire, and slowly drive forward.

You must take photos of your residence when you first move in and when you move out. This way, you can dispute any unfair charges when you're moving out and won't be liable for any damages caused by the previous tenant. 

Use a clothing rod to hang your spray bottles and save space. 

The music is designed to have the right amount of stimulation — enough to keep you going and nothing too distracting. Redditor robertgfthomas listens to symphony remakes of game music. 

Flatten ground beef when you freeze it so that it will thaw faster when you need it. 

If the wind keeps blowing out your match or lighter, then light your fire with a trick candle. It relights itself when it gets blown out.

Don't Go Back to Sleep If You Wake Up Before Your Alarm. You will feel more refreshed if you wake up naturally. 

Paint Clear Nail Polish on a Button. This keeps it from unraveling.

Delay your outgoing emails by a minute to avoid sending out emails that haven't been proofread or don't have the attached documents. Here are some steps to delay emails on Outlook.

Vacuum up two to three tablespoons of cinnamon before you start vacuuming your home. The smell of the cinnamon being heated up inside the vacuum will scent your home. 

Create a fake cheat sheet for an exam, and in the process of making it, you'll be reviewing everything you need to learn for the test. 

Clean When You Are Depressed. It will distract you and make you feel like you've achieved something when you are done.

Genius! Add a few drops of essential oil to the cardboard in your tissue box. Every time you pull a tissue out, it'll be infused with scents that will help you declog your stuffy nose and clear your sinuses.

Add a few drops of essential oil (like lavender or lemongrass) to the cardboard tube in your toilet paper roll. It will automatically freshen your bathroom every time it's used!

This one's great for the office kitchen. Instead of wondering how fresh or old a pot of coffee is, make a cup clock, so whoever brews the coffee can mark the time he made it. 

Separate the yolks from the whites, beat the whites, and then add the yolks back in before pouring into a pan. Voilà! You've got the perfect eggs.

Did you know? You can unroll the rims of ketchup cups to increase the ketchup capacity and even dip burgers in. 

Simple strawberry solution alert. Get rid of those pesky stems without wasting too much of the fruit by inserting a straw into the bottom of the strawberry and pushing up. The leaves will come off too! 

Desperate times call for desperate measures. If you don't have a bottle opener around, all you need are a fork (or pliers) and a screw to make an impromptu corkscrew and pour that Pinot. 

To begin, take a couple of old CD cases you no longer use, and cover them with wood-veneer adhesive paper. Slot them in to create shelves, and you've got yourself a brand-new spice rack. 

Simply mount a container onto the front of your two-wheeler to create a handy bike basket. Kitty litter optional. 

This life hack comes with two pointers: use chopsticks to eat snacks and fruit so as not to get your fingertips messy. And when you don't have chopsticks within reach, improvise with straws. 

Sometimes your mason jar needs a to-go lid. Just transfer that coffee lid over, and you're ready for picnics at the park. 

When you don't have a lock to keep your luggage zippers from separating, a paper clip will get the job done just as well, so you can jet off without any worries. 

Feel like a chef at a restaurant by grabbing a magnet and sticking your recipes onto range hoods over the stove. It's a convenient, hands-free way to cook all those delicious meals. 


===========
1. Wearing bobby pins. The wavy side goes down for maximum hold. 
So you can enjoy beautiful hairstyles like this all day long: 
2. Shining patent leather shoes. Instead of buying shoe polish and stuffing it in the back of a drawer where you'll forget about it, use Windex!
3. Cutting watermelon. If you're slicing it, you're a fool! 
Cut it cross-wise as demonstrated in the below video for easy-to-eat spears.
4. Sleeping. Twisting up like a pretzel might be your usual habit. But you're ruining your back! For maximum rest and support, try these pro sleep moves: 
5. Removing red wine stains. Instead of dumping random stuff on it and scrubbing like a fool, soak a red wine stain with white wine before washing.
6. Using aluminum foil and plastic wrap. Guys! Don't be the person whose foil goes spiraling out of control out of the box. Be a foil genius! Press those thingies on the side to keep the roll from flying out.
7. Eating an apple. The average person discards 30 percent of an apple. If you want to do that, bite into its side. If you don't want to be that wasteful, reduce the amount you discard by eating it top to bottom for maximum #blessed apple consumption. 
8. Squats. Do not just bend your knees and stand back up again. To squat like a fitness pro, do exactly this: Stand up straight with your feet slightly wider than shoulders-width apart with your toes facing forward and your arms along your sides with palms facing in. Keeping your chest up and knees behind your toes, bend your knees and lower your butt until your thighs are parallel to the ground. As you squat down, bend your elbows and bring your hands up to chest level to help you balance. Pause, then press up through your heels to return to starting position as you drop your hands. That's one rep.
9. Drinking boxed wine. Don't just drink that shit straight. 
Instead, freeze it and then blend the cubes in the blender for a wine granita. Wine is always more fun when eaten with a spoon.
10. Listening to music on your phone when you don't have a speaker handy. Stick it inside a Pringles can.
11. Making s'mores. Graham crackers are so basic. To make s'mores the right way, twist open an Oreo, fill it with a marshmallow and piece of chocolate, pop it in the microwave for a few seconds, and you have the most delicious s'more of all time.
12. Squeezing the last bit of toothpaste out of the tube. Instead of trying to do it with your bare hands, use a bobby pin! Geniuses get toothpaste out of tubes like this: 
13. Collecting phone numbers. If you suspect you're dealing with a shady shadester like:
Find out if they gave you the right phone number, read it back to them with one number changed. If they correct you, they gave you the right number.
14. Drying wet nail polish. Instead of waiting for your polish to dry and then reaching for your wallet inside your purse and turning your fingers into a mess, stick your fingertips in ice water for a minute or two after painting. Then stick your hand in your purse, pull out credit cards, and just go wild without ruining your polish.
15.Peeling a banana. Do not peel it from this end unless you like all those strings that come with it. Instead, peel from the bottom for zero stringy things: 
16. Eating pizza. If you feel like being basic, eat your pizza like they do in stock photos. If you want to eat your pizza like a pro, remove the crust and place it lengthwise in the center of a slice. Then, fold it like a taco. This not only enhances the crust/topping ratio if you're a crust lover, it also keeps your slice from flopping around if it's big and thin:
If you're more of a toppings person, fold your slice in half with the toppings on the outside for maximum topping flavor impact.
17. Removing the green leaves from strawberries. Don't use your fingers. This is wrong. Instead, hull your strawberry the right way — with a straw!
Yay!
18. Washing jeans. Instead of washing your jeans after every wear, which will lighten that wash you paid good money for and force you to endure the hell that is Doing Laundry, store them in the freezer, which will remove odor and help you delay doing laundry for a little while longer.
